doc: [WD-22194] Adding network ipam UI information (#15976)
canonical/lxd: doc/howto/network_ipam.md

An entry contains an IP address using the CIDR notation.
It also contains a LXD resource URI, the type of the entity, whether it is in NAT mode, and the hardware address (only for the `instance` entity).

````
````{group-tab} UI

> To view IPAM information in the UI, , select {guilabel}`IPAM` from the {guilabel}`Networking` section of the main navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View IPAM information in the UI from the {guilabel}`Networking` section of the main navigation.
```

````
`````

## View DHCP leases for fully controlled networks
LXD can provide the currently held DHCP leases for {ref}`fully controlled networks<managed-networks>`:

`````{tabs}
````{group-tab} CLI

> To view DHCP lease information, enter the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view DHCP lease information, run:
```

| u1        | 00:16:3e:04:f0:95 | 2001:db8::2 | DYNAMIC |
+-----------+-------------------+-------------+---------+
```

````
````{group-tab} UI

> To view DHCP leases in the UI, navigate to the overview page of your fully managed Network. Within the tab navigation, select {guilabel}`Leases`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view DHCP leases, select your fully managed network from the {guilabel}`Networks` page, then open the {guilabel}`Leases` tab.
```

```{figure} /images/networks/network_view_leases.png
:width: 80%

> :alt: Create a storage pool in LXD

Reviewer: Wrong alt text!
